Move error samplers from Limiter to Ingester (#6014)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Expose `/sync/mutex/wait/total:seconds` Go runtime metric as `go_sync_mutex_wait_total_seconds_total` from all components. #5879
* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-scheduler: improve latency with many concurrent queriers. #5880
* [ENHANCEMENT] Go: updated to 1.21.1. #5955

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: added support for sampling errors, which can be enabled by setting `-ingester.error-sample-rate`. This way each error will be logged once in the configured number of times, but all the samples causing an error will be tracked by the `cortex_discarded_samples_total` counter. #5584

Reviewer: IMO the message is misleading, they don't even cause an error, they just log an error. It's often not a real _error_. So I'd say:

```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: added support for sampling errors, which can be enabled by setting `-ingester.error-sample-rate`. This way each error will be logged once in the configured number of times. All the discarded samples will still be tracked by the `cortex_discarded_samples_total` metric. #5584 #6014
```

(Also, need to mention this PR)
